hi I'm Terry cream at the founder CEO of
95 my name is Thomas crampton I'm a
reporter at the International Herald
Tribune so I have no expertise in
television just newspapers okay i'm
ricardo Reggie and I suppose you are
interviewing me because I the founder of
minimum hans peter brown now i am the
CEO co-founder o clock I'm Matthew loser
and i'm the founder and CEO of booty
calm and cafe com my name is Louie
trimmer hi I'm all Alison I'm from
Sweden the hi my name is Marco sorry and
I'm head of brand design for blick I'm
Alexis bonds I'm a serial entrepreneur a
few companies you might know about that
they've participated in are like sample
azmuth com or Libra calm and a few
others I'm Michael Jackson from skype so
I'm Martin warszawski and I'm going to
talk about the future of television and
the next five years it will all be flat
screens and it will all be connected to
the Internet and to another source the
other source could be satellite could be
cable it's quite difficult to to talk
about the future I I cannot talk about
the kitchen but I cannot talk about the
present it's kind of a very tough
question so my first kind of feeling
would be to say although i'm in this
market and i look at the stuff and I and
I really try and see everything is
happening I have absolutely no
clue all right probably I wasn't
supposed to that work a medium that is
not constrained by the box you're
washing out choose what we want to watch
when we want to watch it where we want
to watch it and the content is mostly
made blood for annoyance but by people
were fashioned making it basically it's
about being able to watch something I
want whenever I want to do it wherever I
am on the planet in a in a time when
media is increasingly fragmenting and
it's harder to move together large
audiences TV and video still because of
the expectations that when you're
watching somebody also other people have
seen the same clip has the hope of
maintaining some kind of social
cohesion around media but which I mean
is that it can be the topic of shared
conversations even more so than other
media I just don't have a clue and I'd
love to meet someone who does because
most of people I've talked to well you
know everyone's got an opinion but you
know you rule where you ask three
different people at three different
smart people the same question and you
see if you get the same answer well it
doesn't work I've each time as three
different people I get three different
answers for me the future television is
actually smell-a-vision smell-a-vision
is the kind of television where you and
feel things you can sense things where
you can get with the newspapers where I
was trying to get readers to be able to
feel like the grid in their teeth as
you're driving down that road in Baghdad
so it involves smell it involves
physical feeling it makes you feel like
you were totally immersed in the
situation the sources will blend you
will have broadcasting organizations and
then you will have mama papa TV show
that will show up on the same screen
they will all compete if we already seen
this before we used to have CBS NBC ABC
and then all of a sudden all the cable
channel started competing with them and
now there's we went from five channels
to five to 10 channels to 100 channels I
will go from 100 channels to a million
channels content like a wall of
whorecraft if you're interested in two
World of Warcraft or like menorca TV if
you are interested in minooka so very
very niche content and integrating the
feedback of everybody so basically like
the same effects of blogs building
communities rather than sending messages
of building a community and creating the
content with the community and I think
will lie in more communities around the
literature in any also maybe people
making their own television channels by
themselves and and and and
not really what they say but also while
you were to broadcast their friends but
I'm returning to see a lot of video on
youtube or continue to about this kind
of new company like bass TV because the
I think the young people likes more this
kind of television or this kind of
program this kind of video program that
the standardized and it is contextual as
well and that doesn't just mean that
television shows up contextually roles
as to what you're seeing it means that
everything you're seeing is contextual
to everything else so if you're watching
this thing about me you should have a
little drop-down menu right here that
you could click on and whenever I say
future of television if you show you
results that could take you to webpages
or other videos or pictures or podcasts
about the future of dollars I believe
that it's a pretty big paradox in the TV
right now everybody's buying high
quality TV HD TVs but content available
on TV is actually low quality and my
question is shouldn't we take
opportunities but cameras as the 1 i'm
using right now to the film should
produce usually I content in the HD and
then maybe sometimes I want to just
enhance that a little bit by being able
to chat to the other guys who are
watching the program with my mates with
my body's whoever it is who's a fan of
that event that's what I want to do when
i watch the television I think it's
going to be view or something and not
business model son trick a production
company centric not on who owns the
frequency center this going to focus on
viewers and they don't care if you're on
a TV station if you are you to refuse
somebody just doing a very very cool
podcast think about
you